Mom, how are you feeling lately?
Mom is fine
Xixi, don't worry about me.
They won't do anything to me
It's all you
At home?
Don't talk back to the lady
Don't be too stubborn
Learn to bow your head
I know, Mom, Mom.
What blood type are you?
Ah I don't remember
My age
Easy to forget
How strange.
I matched you before.
The blood type doesn't match
Ok I'm tired
Why don't you go back early?
Now?
waiter
Warm Xu Yusheng, why are you here?
Since you two have met
Why don't we go together?
Hey, thank you Mr. Lu for your kindness.
We will not disturb Mr. Lu and Miss Hong Wu
I just attended the evening dinner with Miss Wen yesterday
Let's date together today
Two feelings
It's really good.
Mr. Lu laughed
Xiaoxi also just agreed to be my girlfriend
Dr. Xu, let's change one
Qinghan, let's go
What are you doing in a hurry?
I often hear the old man mention Dr. Xu
Said that Dr. Xu was an excellent doctor
Rarely seen today
I would like to ask Dr. Xu for advice.
Why don't you come with your girlfriend?
That would be unfair
Go ahead.
I'm going to make a call